doc/en/README.md, before:

# YandexMusicModClient
[![TotalDownloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/total?label=Downloads)](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/releases "Download") [![OS - Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Windows-blue?logo=windows&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/releases "Download")

<p align="left">
	<a href="https://discord.gg/HGNKDxwHEH">
      <img height="35.48" alt="Сервер" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7c8a272-b48c-411f-aca3-6512086a9a18">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/">
      <img width="96" alt="Русский" src="https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/blob/master/assets/Ru_Badge.png">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/blob/master/doc/en/README.md">
      <img width="96" alt="English" src="https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/blob/master/assets/En_Badge_Highlighted.png">
   </a>
</p>

## This is a modification for [Yandex Music Desktop](https://music.yandex.com/download/) application.
### YandexMusicModClient or its developer is not affiliated with Yandex or any of their companies, staff etc.
<details>
   <summary>Message for Yandex Music Staff</summary>

Since you found my code usefull and copied some parts from [here](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/commit/5384285a8de1101102fc21f593266807b38a304f#diff-c314348839e9fcfdd871cc449297e9cf3f9631701ff29758014ba11bf9200ba0) (more specifically PLAYER_ACTION event) and added it to vanilla client. You might want to hire me.
My work will be much more efficient if I work on the source code in a cozy office rather than with a minified & webpacked version of the code
</details>


## Install

0. Download latest Yandex music client from offical site https://music.yandex.com/download/
1. Open command line (Win + R -> cmd -> Enter)
2. Execute this command
   ```bat
   curl -L https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/releases/latest/download/app.asar > %localappdata%/Programs/YandexMusic/resources/app.asar
   ```
3. Done!

If you only need unlocked DevTools from the modification functions. You can use this command.

```bat
curl -L https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/releases/latest/download/appDevTools.asar > %localappdata%/Programs/YandexMusic/resources/app.asar
```

The advantage is that this version is built fully automatically, and always uses the latest version of YAM (Not spoofed as a full modification).


> [!NOTE]  
> Relogin may be required after patch install.

## Build project from sources

0. Make sure that Yandex Music and node.js are already installed
1. Clone the project `git clone https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient.git`
2. Install the `npm install` dependencies Note that you need to install the dependencies in the root folder of the project, not in `/src/`.
3. For ease of building there is a cli script `toolset.js` in the project. It will allow you to quickly and easily unpack, package, pubilize, spoof, or patch the code.
4. `node toolset.js build -d -m`. This command will automatically optimize the code (Minify it), and then pack it to the default Yandex Music path `%localappdata%/Programs/YandexMusic/resources/app.asar`.
5. To build the project quickly, you can remove the -m flag during development. Without it there will be no long minifaction process

## Features

### Discord Rich Presence
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for Discord Rich Presence

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

      "discordRPC": {
			"enable": true or false,                         //Enables or disables disocrd RPC
			"applicationIDForRPC": "1124055337234858005",    //ID of your custom application for discord RPC
			"showButtons": true or false,                    //Enables or disables all buttons in discord Status 
			"overrideDeepLinksExperiment": true or false,    //Enables or disables split web and desktop buttons into one button
			"showGitHubButton": true or false,               //Enables or disables Github button if overrideDeepLinksExperiment set to true
			"afkTimeout": 15,				 //Timeout for activity to be cleared if track paused. Value in minutes.
			"showAlbum": true or false,                      //Enables or disables album string in discord Status 
   			"showSmallIcon": true or false,                  //Enables or disables status icon in discord Status 
      }

</details>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dd793a12-d67c-4d9e-930a-00c7f7ce47c1)

</details>

### Player remote control
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for managing desktop client playback from other devices.

<img width="250" alt="List of devices to play with" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17196b75-85c4-42f0-af81-ab62123fde5c">
<img width="250" alt="Manage playback from your phone on the PC client" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/305a94f9-4908-4c47-9d75-c0838dbad805">

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

You can disable it on the settings page

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8b7280d6-f2ef-4a0e-8835-32e173a1e843)

</details>

</details>

### Last.FM scrobbling
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for Last.FM scrobbling. The track will be scrobbled if you listen to at least half of it. (But the scrobble request will be sent when the track is changed)

<img width="550" alt="The Last.FM user's page with scribbled tracks" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a47a37b-b895-4a06-8538-fb94eb009290">

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

Log in to Last.FM, as well as enable / disable the function, can be found in the corresponding menu in the app settings.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0fbd13ed-7837-49c2-9b28-5bc210480002)

<details>
   <summary>Authorization process</summary>

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/079f8b38-ca6b-4fef-b6a2-efa853fd583f

</details>

</details>

</details>



### Custom Cache folder
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


In the vanilla version, the entire cache (including tracks you downloaded for offline listening) is stored in `%appdata%/YandexMusic/`

This function allows you to use a different path for the cache. For example so that 10 gigabytes of music you downloaded doesn't waste space on the system disk

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f48a8d32-d03f-4770-8204-460f37ab059f)

</details>




### Global Shortcuts
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for Global Shortcuts.

Currently supported only this actions 

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

	"globalShortcuts": {
		"TOGGLE_PLAY": "Ctrl+/",
		"MOVE_FORWARD": "Ctrl+,",
		"MOVE_BACKWARD": "Ctrl+.",
		"TOGGLE_SHUFFLE": "Ctrl+\'",
  		"REPEAT_NONE": undefined,
  		"REPEAT_CONTEXT": undefined,
  		"REPEAT_NONE": undefined,
  		"TOGGLE_LIKE": undefined,
  		"TOGGLE_DISLIKE": undefined,
	}

</details>

</details>

### Taskbar Extensions
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for Taskbar Extensions

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

      "taskBarExtensions": {
			"enable": true or false // Enables or disables Taskbar Extensions
			"coverAsThumbnail": true or false // Enables or disables replacing Live preview with the track's cover image
      }

</details>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ec4017ab-9fb7-4e19-a2e6-d30dfbaa6cdc)

</details>

### Return dislike button
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Returns dislike button on main player bar

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/22a83331-dfc4-4c7b-92c9-4fdbe2758910)

</details>

### Return repeat button
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

When My Vibe is in use, the repeat button on the main player bar becomes available.

</details>

### Track quality display
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Displayes track quality or codec

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

	"playerBarEnhancement": {
 		"showDislikeButton": true //Enabels or disabels Return dislike button feature
		"showCodecInsteadOfQualityMark": true //Show codec instead of quality mark
	}

</details>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/da143017-b9ff-4faf-91dc-b9ccc81b1e2f)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3e5b6fb2-fbd3-4e04-880c-f1e556d8c4ef)

</details>

### Enhanced Vibe Animation
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Enhances Vibe Animation behavior. It better adapts to music. Also allows custom FPS of the animation rendering.
<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

      "vibeAnimationEnhancement": {
	    "maxFPS": 25,              	// Max allowed FPS. Defalut 25. Recommended 25 - 144. Don't set this value below 1
	    "intensityCoefficient": 1, 	// Sensitivity of music analysis. Default 1, Recommended: 0.5 - 2. If set to 0 disables enhancement behavior (almost :D)
	    "linearDeBoost": 5,		// [DEPRECATED] Separation coefficient of track peaks from the main track. Default 5. Recommended 2 - 8. If 1 disables libear deboost.
	    "playOnAnyEntity": false,	// If enabled Animation plays even if not My Vibe used as track source.
	    "disableRendering": false	// Disables rendering of the animation. Use only if you feel significant fps drops. Else try adjust maxFPS value.
      }

</details>

before:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/23a8da4d-3d6a-43c6-a5f5-965e065ed912

after:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b062a3ee-d05e-4cf3-8e03-b6f8bf66525c


</details>

### Search when adding a track to a playlist
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Adds a search bar to the context menu for selecting a playlist.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/03924f52-6e37-4d6a-ad9e-c079ec739cd8)


</details>

### Downloaded tracks info
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Adds information about downloaded tracks to the settings page (tracks count and used storage for downloaded tracks)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3ba9ada-941c-4bd2-8c53-dad54090bf4e)


</details>

### Download current track to a file
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Allows you to download the current track to your PC.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/95a52251-401a-4071-9ee3-914b8c7b7c8f)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aaf79024-34cb-4159-9790-501f21534e54)



</details>

### Experiment overrides
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Allows you to enable/disable any experiment in the app. To do so you need enable Developer mode.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b341e6cb-58e3-4dfa-b8b3-e6ece72539a5)

</details>

### Devtools & DevPanel
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Devtools are disabled by default. To enable them you need modify `%appdata%\YandexMusic\config.json`:

Change `"enableDevTools": false` to `"enableDevTools": true`

![electron_L6SeZLnSAH](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/assets/68960526/ae841087-d910-45e5-a007-3fd869a493e1)

![electron_y6aOeckPLH](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/assets/68960526/4bde4785-9196-4ac6-ad3b-9ac5db5b61c8)

</details>

## Settings
Settings can be found in `%appdata%\YandexMusic\config.json`

In app UI:
<p align="left">
<img width="500" alt="UI Settings example" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b9aa1828-476c-4fde-86a8-84fb02eb0817">
</p>

## Support
If you really enjoyed the new experience with this modification, you can support my work on it:
<p align="left">
   <a href="https://boosty.to/thekingoftime/donate">
      <img width="250" alt="Support me on Boosty" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b341f16-6513-4138-a3c5-b5892b062f63">
   </a>
</p>

## Sponsors
Thanks a lot to the sponsors who allow me to actively work on this project.
<p align="left">
   <a href="https://www.last.fm/ru/user/am0rall">
      <img width="50" alt="am0rall" src="https://lastfm.freetls.fastly.net/i/u/avatar170s/a983db6495ea41c8c16777aa0679632d.png">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/ajioe1111">
      <img width="50" alt="ajioe1111" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/39803571?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/xab4er">
      <img width="50" alt="xab4er" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/60750449?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Crosbic">
      <img width="50" alt="Crosbic" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/71810318?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/foreA-adoxid">
      <img width="50" alt="foreA-adoxid" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/72875762?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Maks1mio">
      <img width="50" alt="Maks1mio" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/44835662?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/FaSSteR">
      <img width="50" alt="FaSSteR" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/50427367?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Dott-rus">
      <img width="50" alt="Dott-rus" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/78660260?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Lemon4ksan">
      <img width="50" alt="Lemon4ksan" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/122788290?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/SergheyUmca">
      <img width="50" alt="SergheyUmca" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/33039150?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/schwarzalexey">
      <img width="50" alt="schwarzalexey" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/97682066?v=4?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/dudoska">
      <img width="50" alt="dudoska" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94677394?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://diramix.github.io/html-profile/">
      <img width="50" alt="Diramix" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/79011730?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/trigger-off">
      <img width="50" alt="trigger-off" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/71810229?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Baduga">
      <img width="50" alt="Baduga" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/69755854?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/LazyMind">
      <img width="50" alt="LazyMind" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/87148057?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Schelchki">
      <img width="50" alt="Schelchki" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/162707132?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/entaneey">
      <img width="50" alt="entaneey" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/195827686?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/saqura1337">
      <img width="50" alt="saqura1337" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/68153864?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/alex2810com">
      <img width="50" alt="alex2810com" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/187911293?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/ellatuk">
      <img width="50" alt="ellatuk" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/87390648?v=4">
   </a>
</p>

> This list updates manually.

Commit message:

fix: Fix css and add merging notice

doc/en/README.md, after:

# YandexMusicModClient

> [!CAUTION]
> ### The project has been archived in favor of merging with [PulseSync](https://pulsesync.dev).
> Although the repository will remain available, it will no longer be maintained or updated. It is recommended to switch to PulseSync for new features and improvements.

[![TotalDownloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/total?label=Downloads)](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/releases "Download") [![OS - Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Windows-blue?logo=windows&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/releases "Download")

<p align="left">
	<a href="https://discord.gg/HGNKDxwHEH">
      <img height="35.48" alt="Сервер" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7c8a272-b48c-411f-aca3-6512086a9a18">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/">
      <img width="96" alt="Русский" src="https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/blob/master/assets/Ru_Badge.png">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/blob/master/doc/en/README.md">
      <img width="96" alt="English" src="https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/blob/master/assets/En_Badge_Highlighted.png">
   </a>
</p>

## This is a modification for [Yandex Music Desktop](https://music.yandex.com/download/) application.
### YandexMusicModClient or its developer is not affiliated with Yandex or any of their companies, staff etc.
<details>
   <summary>Message for Yandex Music Staff</summary>

Since you found my code usefull and copied some parts from [here](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/commit/5384285a8de1101102fc21f593266807b38a304f#diff-c314348839e9fcfdd871cc449297e9cf3f9631701ff29758014ba11bf9200ba0) (more specifically PLAYER_ACTION event) and added it to vanilla client. You might want to hire me.
My work will be much more efficient if I work on the source code in a cozy office rather than with a minified & webpacked version of the code
</details>


## Install

0. Download latest Yandex music client from offical site https://music.yandex.com/download/
1. Open command line (Win + R -> cmd -> Enter)
2. Execute this command
   ```bat
   curl -L https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/releases/latest/download/app.asar > %localappdata%/Programs/YandexMusic/resources/app.asar
   ```
3. Done!

If you only need unlocked DevTools from the modification functions. You can use this command.

```bat
curl -L https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/releases/latest/download/appDevTools.asar > %localappdata%/Programs/YandexMusic/resources/app.asar
```

The advantage is that this version is built fully automatically, and always uses the latest version of YAM (Not spoofed as a full modification).


> [!NOTE]  
> Relogin may be required after patch install.

## Build project from sources

0. Make sure that Yandex Music and node.js are already installed
1. Clone the project `git clone https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient.git`
2. Install the `npm install` dependencies Note that you need to install the dependencies in the root folder of the project, not in `/src/`.
3. For ease of building there is a cli script `toolset.js` in the project. It will allow you to quickly and easily unpack, package, pubilize, spoof, or patch the code.
4. `node toolset.js build -d -m`. This command will automatically optimize the code (Minify it), and then pack it to the default Yandex Music path `%localappdata%/Programs/YandexMusic/resources/app.asar`.
5. To build the project quickly, you can remove the -m flag during development. Without it there will be no long minifaction process

## Features

### Discord Rich Presence
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for Discord Rich Presence

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

      "discordRPC": {
			"enable": true or false,                         //Enables or disables disocrd RPC
			"applicationIDForRPC": "1124055337234858005",    //ID of your custom application for discord RPC
			"showButtons": true or false,                    //Enables or disables all buttons in discord Status 
			"overrideDeepLinksExperiment": true or false,    //Enables or disables split web and desktop buttons into one button
			"showGitHubButton": true or false,               //Enables or disables Github button if overrideDeepLinksExperiment set to true
			"afkTimeout": 15,				 //Timeout for activity to be cleared if track paused. Value in minutes.
			"showAlbum": true or false,                      //Enables or disables album string in discord Status 
   			"showSmallIcon": true or false,                  //Enables or disables status icon in discord Status 
      }

</details>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dd793a12-d67c-4d9e-930a-00c7f7ce47c1)

</details>

### Player remote control
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for managing desktop client playback from other devices.

<img width="250" alt="List of devices to play with" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17196b75-85c4-42f0-af81-ab62123fde5c">
<img width="250" alt="Manage playback from your phone on the PC client" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/305a94f9-4908-4c47-9d75-c0838dbad805">

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

You can disable it on the settings page

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8b7280d6-f2ef-4a0e-8835-32e173a1e843)

</details>

</details>

### Last.FM scrobbling
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for Last.FM scrobbling. The track will be scrobbled if you listen to at least half of it. (But the scrobble request will be sent when the track is changed)

<img width="550" alt="The Last.FM user's page with scribbled tracks" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a47a37b-b895-4a06-8538-fb94eb009290">

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

Log in to Last.FM, as well as enable / disable the function, can be found in the corresponding menu in the app settings.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0fbd13ed-7837-49c2-9b28-5bc210480002)

<details>
   <summary>Authorization process</summary>

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/079f8b38-ca6b-4fef-b6a2-efa853fd583f

</details>

</details>

</details>



### Custom Cache folder
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


In the vanilla version, the entire cache (including tracks you downloaded for offline listening) is stored in `%appdata%/YandexMusic/`

This function allows you to use a different path for the cache. For example so that 10 gigabytes of music you downloaded doesn't waste space on the system disk

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f48a8d32-d03f-4770-8204-460f37ab059f)

</details>




### Global Shortcuts
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for Global Shortcuts.

Currently supported only this actions 

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

	"globalShortcuts": {
		"TOGGLE_PLAY": "Ctrl+/",
		"MOVE_FORWARD": "Ctrl+,",
		"MOVE_BACKWARD": "Ctrl+.",
		"TOGGLE_SHUFFLE": "Ctrl+\'",
  		"REPEAT_NONE": undefined,
  		"REPEAT_CONTEXT": undefined,
  		"REPEAT_NONE": undefined,
  		"TOGGLE_LIKE": undefined,
  		"TOGGLE_DISLIKE": undefined,
	}

</details>

</details>

### Taskbar Extensions
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>


Adds support for Taskbar Extensions

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

      "taskBarExtensions": {
			"enable": true or false // Enables or disables Taskbar Extensions
			"coverAsThumbnail": true or false // Enables or disables replacing Live preview with the track's cover image
      }

</details>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ec4017ab-9fb7-4e19-a2e6-d30dfbaa6cdc)

</details>

### Return dislike button
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Returns dislike button on main player bar

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/22a83331-dfc4-4c7b-92c9-4fdbe2758910)

</details>

### Return repeat button
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

When My Vibe is in use, the repeat button on the main player bar becomes available.

</details>

### Track quality display
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Displayes track quality or codec

<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

	"playerBarEnhancement": {
 		"showDislikeButton": true //Enabels or disabels Return dislike button feature
		"showCodecInsteadOfQualityMark": true //Show codec instead of quality mark
	}

</details>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/da143017-b9ff-4faf-91dc-b9ccc81b1e2f)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3e5b6fb2-fbd3-4e04-880c-f1e556d8c4ef)

</details>

### Enhanced Vibe Animation
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Enhances Vibe Animation behavior. It better adapts to music. Also allows custom FPS of the animation rendering.
<details>
   <summary>Settings</summary>

      "vibeAnimationEnhancement": {
	    "maxFPS": 25,              	// Max allowed FPS. Defalut 25. Recommended 25 - 144. Don't set this value below 1
	    "intensityCoefficient": 1, 	// Sensitivity of music analysis. Default 1, Recommended: 0.5 - 2. If set to 0 disables enhancement behavior (almost :D)
	    "linearDeBoost": 5,		// [DEPRECATED] Separation coefficient of track peaks from the main track. Default 5. Recommended 2 - 8. If 1 disables libear deboost.
	    "playOnAnyEntity": false,	// If enabled Animation plays even if not My Vibe used as track source.
	    "disableRendering": false	// Disables rendering of the animation. Use only if you feel significant fps drops. Else try adjust maxFPS value.
      }

</details>

before:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/23a8da4d-3d6a-43c6-a5f5-965e065ed912

after:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b062a3ee-d05e-4cf3-8e03-b6f8bf66525c


</details>

### Search when adding a track to a playlist
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Adds a search bar to the context menu for selecting a playlist.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/03924f52-6e37-4d6a-ad9e-c079ec739cd8)


</details>

### Downloaded tracks info
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Adds information about downloaded tracks to the settings page (tracks count and used storage for downloaded tracks)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3ba9ada-941c-4bd2-8c53-dad54090bf4e)


</details>

### Download current track to a file
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Allows you to download the current track to your PC.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/95a52251-401a-4071-9ee3-914b8c7b7c8f)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aaf79024-34cb-4159-9790-501f21534e54)



</details>

### Experiment overrides
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Allows you to enable/disable any experiment in the app. To do so you need enable Developer mode.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b341e6cb-58e3-4dfa-b8b3-e6ece72539a5)

</details>

### Devtools & DevPanel
<details>
   <summary>Details</summary>

Devtools are disabled by default. To enable them you need modify `%appdata%\YandexMusic\config.json`:

Change `"enableDevTools": false` to `"enableDevTools": true`

![electron_L6SeZLnSAH](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/assets/68960526/ae841087-d910-45e5-a007-3fd869a493e1)

![electron_y6aOeckPLH](https://github.com/TheKing-OfTime/YandexMusicModClient/assets/68960526/4bde4785-9196-4ac6-ad3b-9ac5db5b61c8)

</details>

## Settings
Settings can be found in `%appdata%\YandexMusic\config.json`

In app UI:
<p align="left">
<img width="500" alt="UI Settings example" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b9aa1828-476c-4fde-86a8-84fb02eb0817">
</p>

## Support
If you really enjoyed the new experience with this modification, you can support my work on it:
<p align="left">
   <a href="https://boosty.to/thekingoftime/donate">
      <img width="250" alt="Support me on Boosty" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b341f16-6513-4138-a3c5-b5892b062f63">
   </a>
</p>

## Sponsors
Thanks a lot to the sponsors who allow me to actively work on this project.
<p align="left">
   <a href="https://www.last.fm/ru/user/am0rall">
      <img width="50" alt="am0rall" src="https://lastfm.freetls.fastly.net/i/u/avatar170s/a983db6495ea41c8c16777aa0679632d.png">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/ajioe1111">
      <img width="50" alt="ajioe1111" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/39803571?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/xab4er">
      <img width="50" alt="xab4er" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/60750449?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Crosbic">
      <img width="50" alt="Crosbic" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/71810318?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/foreA-adoxid">
      <img width="50" alt="foreA-adoxid" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/72875762?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Maks1mio">
      <img width="50" alt="Maks1mio" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/44835662?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/FaSSteR">
      <img width="50" alt="FaSSteR" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/50427367?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Dott-rus">
      <img width="50" alt="Dott-rus" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/78660260?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Lemon4ksan">
      <img width="50" alt="Lemon4ksan" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/122788290?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/SergheyUmca">
      <img width="50" alt="SergheyUmca" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/33039150?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/schwarzalexey">
      <img width="50" alt="schwarzalexey" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/97682066?v=4?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/dudoska">
      <img width="50" alt="dudoska" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/94677394?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://diramix.github.io/html-profile/">
      <img width="50" alt="Diramix" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/79011730?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/trigger-off">
      <img width="50" alt="trigger-off" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/71810229?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Baduga">
      <img width="50" alt="Baduga" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/69755854?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/LazyMind">
      <img width="50" alt="LazyMind" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/87148057?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/Schelchki">
      <img width="50" alt="Schelchki" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/162707132?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/entaneey">
      <img width="50" alt="entaneey" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/195827686?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/saqura1337">
      <img width="50" alt="saqura1337" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/68153864?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/alex2810com">
      <img width="50" alt="alex2810com" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/187911293?v=4">
   </a>
   <a href="https://github.com/ellatuk">
      <img width="50" alt="ellatuk" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/87390648?v=4">
   </a>
</p>

> This list updates manually.
